Now let's talk about Amazon AppStream 2.0.
So it is a desktop application streaming service.
So it's very different from Workspaces,
and I'll give you the differences right after.
But so the idea is that you want
to stream an application to any computer
without acquiring and provisioning infrastructure.
And the application itself is going to be accessible
and delivered from within a web browser.
So here is a very concrete example.
Say you want to have the Blender application
to create the 3D models directly from within a web browser,
you can with Amazon AppStream.
So it is application-focused,
and they're delivered through your web browser.
But as you can see in the screen,
you could also use Eclipse, or Firefox,
or whatever, OpenOffice application directly
from within your web browser.
So how does that work versus WorkSpaces?
Well, WorkSpaces is to give you a full VDI
and a full Windows desktop or Linux desktop.
So you can launch as many applications as you want
within your desktop,
and you have to connect directly
using your remote desktop application, okay?
The WorkSpaces are on demand, or they're always on.
Whereas with AppStreams 2.0,
you're going to stream a very specific desktop application
directly into your web browser,
so there is no need to connect
to a virtual desktop in the cloud.
And it works for any device that will have a web browser,
so it has more compatibility.
And you're allowed to configure an instance type
per application. So for example, you were saying,
"Hey, for this application, like Photoshop,
I need more CPU, more RAM and more GPU."
So, hopefully, they're different to you in your mind.
So that's it, I will see you at the next lecture.